# About Me:
The names Adam Hamdan and I am a student majoring in Computer Science (Bachelor's of Arts). Ever since I was young, I have picked up the enjoyment of video games, starting with a Nitendo 64 when I was just five. Since then, I began to feel truly hooked to the use of technology, which lead to be getting hooked towards newer things with each passing year like the iPod, iPad, Xbox, and etc. This love and strong hobby for videogames led me to wanting to pursue a future career in Computer Science. I originally aimed for a possible dream career in any field of game design, something that alligned with my childhood hobby, but with learning new programming languages (primarily Java and Python) I would love to pursue some form of software engineering job. Though while im hear getting my major at Wright State University, I will always do what it takes to pursue my academic goals and my major, and keep learning more and more about the computer science and programming world!
# Two Projects I am doing this semester 
- CS1181) Genetic Algorithm: A Java-based project focusing on the important uses of Object-Oriented programming and Classes to create a genetic-algorithm system for collecting data. Key OOP features such as inheritance, abstracts, and more. The main goal of this project is to take the genetic code/chromosomes of 10 items with a set name, value, and weight and list out the most efficient items to carry in order from best to worst.
- CS1181) GUI Based Game: A Java-based project focusing on the use Graphical-User Interfaces to create a code that programs a game that uses these GUI features. The main goal of this project is to simply create a game using the GUI interfaces, one that implements many different GUI features such as frames, panels, buttons, textfields, action listeners, source getters, and etc in order to combine them together to make a functional and organized looking game.
## (More to come in this page in the future...)
